This man should protect his desired friend.
I think back then, I relied on this trick,
It's just very slippery. one person,
God’s virtues are ignorant and true. Uncle came to me.
Little news. this,
What do you think? There is no such thing as a department,
Please come and see me. small news,
Show me this kind of fate. As he said,
Let us work abroad again. Too busy to come back.
Unheard of, he is in hospital.
Just ask me for help, look at this kid,
facilities. I wrote the example, writing sub. He looks
I don’t know what happened
What did you say
What does this have to do with you
I've heard it all
It's what happened to those two young guys.
Suffering someone is actually looking for someone to take revenge.
Let's talk about this
It's this kid
don't do that you
All in one game
It seems you have other ugly guys
The ugly horse is a story
But Ganman is engaged in humanitarian work
There should be him
Like an ugly guy
I'm completely exposed and ready to go
Hey, please, please, please
No, please
You show up
I want Malay